Marketing: a critical view.

What is 'Marketing'?

Marketing is about 'making a market'.
Marketing is a business operation that creates reasons to buy service and product 
by building a trustful relationship with the customer 
through communicating and promising benefits of using the offerings.


In order to make a promise of the benefit from the service and product, 
a company will make efforts to improve the function, quality, and availability of the offerings, 
and convey the progression of the effort through communication such as sales activities and advertising. 

The firm-relationship with the customer can be a consequence of the continuous effort 
mentioned in the previous paragraph that is called brand equity. 
Because, if the promise is not trustworthy, the service and product will no be accepted by customers. 


In other words, marketing is the same concept as corporate-strategy.
Marketing is about 'making a market'.

Nowadays, however, it is not a rare case that people extract an element 
and tries to optimise one partial component of the entire business operation. 


For example, as you may have seen especially in the process of communication, 
there is a significant inclination on digital marketing - (on and off-line) advertising and sells activities. 
Commonly, things done by these digital sells and marketing activities are just reaping the current demand 
by waging an advertising campaign with a web banner and e-mail distribution.


  Granting that the digital (advertising) activities are one part of entire marketing activities, 
  the (digital) field only covers a lower portion of the long customer journey. 
  In the area of digital marketing, it is trending that creating video-advertisement under the guise of branding. 
  What makes the situation worse is that the key performance indicator 
  for this digital activity has been set to impressions or number cost per (completed) view. 
  Therefore, the focus is on to make a buzz which is not related to the core value proportion of the business itself. 
  Moreover, in an attempt to analyse the contribution of promotion activities towards (direct and indirect) conversion, 
  the digital marketing introduced a concept termed attribution. 
  The actual situation is that we (just) know the route of customer attraction.


As we can easily check the numbers and KPI with the digital marketing,
it drives the partial optimisation of marketing (entire business operation). 

The principle of marketing is 'making a market', 
not a partial optimisation of business process and cutomer journey.

I want to keep in mind the principle and change the situation to a state where we can focus on the principles of marketing.
